W-18761614 alerts beta duke (#409)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/include-alert-state.adoc

No data::
No data is available in the series to evaluate the alert threshold.

> //HYPERFORCE: NOT a Status in JP/CA for Hyperforce GA July 2025
> Disabled::
> The alert is disabled.

Author: ```suggestion
Paused::
The alert is disabled and no longer active .
```

No data::
No data is available in the series to evaluate the alert threshold.

Paused::

> The alert is disabled and no longer active .

Author: ```suggestion
The alert is disabled and no longer active.
```
